# shootings_in_schools
Analysis on Shootings in Schools(2009-2018)
•	Performed a time-based analysis of the number of shootings that happened between 2009 and 2018 in the US.
•	Performed locality-based analysis on shootings in each school type as the circumstances and surroundings may not be the same in all localities, the main cause can be identified, and further actions can be taken accordingly.
•	Identified schools and cities where shootings took place more than once, to obtain patterns if any, can be useful for taking enough measures.

INSIGHTS:
 Around 160 incidents were recorded, in which around 328 are victimized. In this analysis change in the number of incidents occurred over the period 2009-2018 can be observed. And the schools in which incidents occurred more than once, the most number of times incidents occurred in different cities, different states, the number of incidents occurred in different localities(Urban,sub-Urban, Rural), the number of accused under each race, the number of incidents occurred in each school type(Elementary school,Grades 7-12,Grades 7-8, High School,K-8,Middle School) can be identified. The months in which shootings happened more frequently, the number of accused of different races, changes in the number of incidents over the years, number of incidents in different localities, the total number of victims, states in which shootings happened , cities in which shootings happened in different type of schools(Elementary school, Grades 7-12, Grades 7-8, High School, K-8, Middle School) can be identified and the reason for things happening can be known. By the information provided in the analysis, officials and school management can come to a conclusion why people of the different category have committed the shootings and take respective steps in order to control such incidents in future.
